Documentation changes for v0.22 (#1074)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/under_the_hood/storage.md

| Raw JSON | MeiliSearch database size on disk | RAM usage | Virtual memory usage |
| -------- | --------------------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------- |
| 9.1 MB   | 224 MB                            | ≃ 305 MB             | 205 Gb (memory map) |

> > This means the database is using 426 MB of RAM and 122 MB of disk space. Note that [virtual memory](https://www.enterprisestorageforum.com/hardware/virtual-memory/) refers only to disk space allocated by your computer for MeiliSearch—it does not mean that it's actually in use by the database. See [Memory Usage](#memory-usage) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This means the database is using 305 MB of RAM and 224 MB of disk space. Note that [virtual memory](https://www.enterprisestorageforum.com/hardware/virtual-memory/) refers only to disk space allocated by your computer for MeiliSearch—it does not mean that it's actually in use by the database. See [Memory Usage](#memory-usage) for more details.
```

Reviewer: oops my fault, I forgot it in my PR
